Improve `restricted` key in blocks config to include `navRoot` and `contentType` (#5517)
plone/volto: docs/source/recipes/howtorestrictblocks.md

Reviewer: Please rename to `how-to-restrict-blocks.md` for SEO and legibility.

Author: Done.

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "How to Restrict blocks per content type or path"
    "property=og:description": "How to Restrict blocks per content type or path"
    "property=og:title": "How to Restrict blocks"

>     "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, blocks"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, blocks, restrict"
```

---

> # How to Restrict blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to restrict blocks
```

You can restrict blocks from being added to a content type using the `restrict` key in the configuration object.
This key can be a boolean or a function.
If the block is restricted, it won't show in the chooser.

> However, it can be still added programatically or using directly the RESTAPI, so this restriction only applies to the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it can still be added either programatically or by directly using the REST API, so this restriction only applies to the user interface.
```

The function has this signature:

```ts
{
  restricted: (args: {
    properties: Content;
    block: BlockConfigBase;
    navRoot: Content;
    contentType: string;
  }) => boolean;
}
```

Where `properties` is the current object data and `block` is the block being evaluated in `BlockChooser`.
`navRoot` is the nearest navigation root object and `contentType` is the current content type.

> You can restrict a block from showing only in `News Items` and for all content types from a specific location in the content tree by configuring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following configuration example, you can restrict a block from showing in both the `News Item`s and for all content types in a specific path in the content tree (`/folder`):
```
